# All The Way Home

This is a puzzle game of exploration, survival, and rescue. Deeply inspired by the wonderful 1991
Amiga title [Lemmings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemmings_(video_game)) and other titles from my
childhood. On the surface, you'll guide the intrepid (yet strangely incompetent) _Yups_ through
layer after layer of increasingly difficult obstacles and inhospitable terrain.

Beneath the surface lies a commentary on sacrifice, friendship, and resilience.

Beneath _that_ is a creamy caramel centre.

# Platform

The game will be available for Linux, Windows, and MacOS. I'd love to distribute on mobile too, if I
can find a way to do that without too much extra pain. It might make a rather good tablet game.

## Community

Most, if not all development of the game is streamed live [on Twitch](https://twitch.tv/basie) and
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@eloquentgeekgames). Any questions can be fielded in stream chat,
[on Discord](https://discord.gg/sAC7GESTyK) or here in
[issues](https://github.com/EloquentGeek/all-the-way-home/issues) or
[discussions](https://github.com/orgs/EloquentGeek/discussions).

Questions about using Bevy Engine itself are welcome, but I don't pretend to be an expert there! The
[Bevy Discord](https://discord.gg/EhrPuaT3QY), however, is chock-full of such people who will almost
certainly know the answer to all your questions.

## License

The code for All The Way Home is free, open source and permissively licensed with the Rust
ecosystem's standard dual MIT/Apache license. Please don't attempt to republish or distribute built
copies of the game elsewhere, but otherwise I'd like it to be available as a resource to people like
me who just need a good working example of 2D Bevy games. If it's helpful, gives you any "aha!"
moments, or shows you any patterns you hadn't seen before, I'll be a very happy kiwi.

All assets apart from the code are copyright Eloquent Geek Games, except where specifically stated.
Please don't redistribute or modify them in any way. (However, fan art is actively encouraged,
please show us [on Discord](https://discord.gg/sAC7GESTyK).) 

Should you choose to contribute, that's amazing! I could really use the help. By doing so, you
acknowledge the following:
- you have the ability to contribute any intellectual property under the dual licenses of this
  project
- Eloquent Geek Games intends to sell this game
If you are contributing IP from other permissively licensed code, you must provide proper
attribution in the source code or metadata. Everyone deserves credit!

Speaking of which, this note cribs useful language from [Leafwing Studio's
_Emergence_](https://github.com/Leafwing-Studios/Emergence#license), many thanks to them.

## Wait, it's for sale?

The odds of the game making any money at all are vanishingly small. However, I do want to distribute
it on Steam. I can't imagine it will be exorbitantly priced, and any meagre proceeds will probably be
funnelled straight back into development (and caffeinating the developer).
